welcome to the Furman BMW and mini
YouTube page we are conveniently located
on us 19 north and palm arbor serving
Tampa Bay and the entire Southeast
United States
check out the sharp executive demo that
features navigation Sport Package and
turbocharged power classic looks and
stellar handling are just a couple of
reasons you will love our gorgeous 2013
BMW z4 S Drive 28i roadster with Sport
Package it was nominated to the Car and
Driver magazine ten best list it's
trimmed in clean deep sea blue metallic
paint and a luxurious black Kansas
leather interior as well as a power
folding hardtop convenient I drive
system with GPS navigation and Park
distance control - CD stereo with
steering wheel controls and USB ipod mp3
auxilary input ports dual zone climate
control satellite radio heated power
memory seats and much more it's potent
twin power turbo charged inline
six-cylinder engine sends an impressive
240 horsepower to the rear wheels
through a slick 7-speed double clutch
automatic transmission with steering
wheel paddle shifters this amazing car
won't be on our lot for long so call
today for your appointment and be sure
to ask about finance options
Firmin BMW and mini is your ideal choice
for new BMW and MINI Cooper vehicles as
well as certified pre-owned and mini
next cpio vehicles and we have a great
selection of premium used cars from
various manufacturers as well Firmin
automotive dealerships have been family
owned for nearly 120 years so you can
enjoy personalized service before during
and after your purchase come in today
and find out why our guests returned
again and again for their vehicles